---
title: "Common Commands"
description: "Common commands"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---

# Common Commands

:icon{name="noto:building-construction"} Under construction! Author - **Ross**

## How to use in game Commands

In game commands can be executed by pressing the `t` key followed by forward slash `/`. Althernatively, commands can also be executed via the F8 Console.

## Roleplay Commands

### `/e <emote>`

- _emote_ - The name of the target emote

A shortcut to perform emotes. For example, `/e guard` or `/e smoke`.

### `/me <message>`

- _message_ - The text to display

Displays a temporary text message above your character's head, visible to everyone nearby. Use this command to provide context and perform actions not otherwise possible, for example `/me starts to cry` or `/me pats back`.

### `/carry`

A command executed to carry unconscious players. 

### `/trunk` 

A command to hop into a vehicle's boot. 

## Report/Support Commands

### `/report <message>`

- _message_ - The message to send

Sends a report message to all available online Staff members in the server.

### `/support`

A command used to Launch FDG's ticket and support panel in-game.

## Vehicle Interaction Commands

### `/t`

A command to open a vehicle's boot.

### `/h`

Executed to open a vehicle's hood.

### `/d<door number>`

- _door number_ - The door to open, ex; `/d1` opens door 1 (driver seat).

Executed to open a vehicle's door. 

### `/push`

A command used to push a vehicle.

### `/inspect` 

A command executed to view a vehicle's model, plate number, health and other addons/modifications.

