---
title: "Opt-in Rules"
description: "The opt-in rules governing behavior on FDG's FiveM roleplay server and FDG generally"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---
# Opt-in Rules

These rules will only **matter** to specific people but do **apply** to everyone nonetheless.

---

## Organisation Rules (O-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers.

**O1** - Gangs intending on carrying out illegal activities must have a name, uniform and register on the forums.

**O2** - Gangs start with 6 members, however may be awarded up to 24 slots by the CL team if gangs have proven themselves worthy. No more than 16 members (including downed members) may be involved in any single hostile gang RP scenario.

**O3** - Alliances between gangs can exist for the purpose of peace treaties and trading, however gang alliance is not permitted for hostile RP.

**O4** - Gangs must be wearing their uniforms when interacting with other gangs, or when in a war with other gangs.

**O5** - Gangs must keep their illegal and vendor items (including those in vehicles) at their gang and personal properties.

**O6** - Gang members can be soft wiped (losing IC memory of their time within the gang) by their own gang when they leave the gang. You are also more susceptible to harsher punishments through criminal convictions.

**O7** - Gang leaders must agree on the ground rules of a war before it begins. This includes the format, win conditions etc. The staff team must be advised of the full details of any upcoming gang wars.

**O8** - KOS must be called by gang leaders of either gang and there must be sufficient reasoning before KOS is declared. All KOS only last between server restarts.

**O9** - Gang members in fit may rob other gang members given they adhere to the requirements set by gang staff in the gang guidelines.

---

## Business Rules (B-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers.

Businesses are divided into the following categories; 
- **Incorporated** - Established businesses, officially incorporated in the server with fully functioning abilities and roles.
- **Registered** - Registered businesses with an approved business license. Will allow you to run your own business, offering your services to as many companies or individuals as you want.

**B1** - All prospective business applicants must follow the registration/application process to either register for a business license or for an available C-Suite tenure opportunity.

**B2** - Business licenses are obtainable through an application process with the Department of Commerce. Without a business license, your operation will be deemed illegitimate.

**B3** - Business licenses will be assigned upon the approval, and will only allow you to operate your intended business within your means of roleplay. No development work from our team will be provided unless the business proves to be a worthy investment.

**B4** - All businesses are overseen by the Department of Commerce under the laws of San Andreas. 

**B5** - Businesses are required to maintain some separation between ‘gang’ and ‘business’ activities. No gang activities are permitted at legitimate player-run business locations. However, exemptions can be made at the discretion of the Department of Commerce upon review. Any gang related activities must be carried out in accordance with all Illegal Organisation Rules.

**B6** - Players are not permitted to exploit their businesses and/or abuse any abilities through the job menu in accordance with our community/server rules. Anything granted for businesses, i.e job equipment, access to uniforms, are purely for business purposes only.

---

## Content Creator Guidelines

Applicable across the entire FDG Community.

Our community and platform offers a great opportunity for Content Creators to promote their content, while building their audience and work towards growing their own community.

In a show of support to our community members that choose to stream on Fat Duck Gaming, we have great promotional opportunities, as well as extra perks, to reward and acknowledge great content and great standards of roleplay.

### Content Creator Perks

::list{type="success"}
- **Discord Roles:** with access to content channels for self promotions.
- **Promotional rights:** content creators may promote, administer, or conduct a promotional event (e.g., rp events and charity streams) through FDG services.
- **Opportunity** to work towards ‘Endorsed Content Creator’.
::

### Endorsed Content Creator Perks

::list{type="success"}
- **Discord Roles:** high exposure positioning roles when going live, automatically notifies the community of live streaming status and access to content channels for self promotions.
- **Promotional rights:** content creators may promote, administer, or conduct a promotional event (e.g., rp events and charity streams) through FDG services.
- **Access** to official FDG promotional graphics for description display.
- **Forum exposure/advertisement:** endorsed content creators are added to the official list on the forums for promotional exposure.
- **Prime queue priority** for the server (before Fat Duck Family): with a chance to earn Patreon Invitation +.
::

### Eligibility

To be eligible, all community content creators are required to meet the following in order to submit an application for the content creator role:

::list{type="info"}
- Be an **active member** of our community: minimum 3 months of game play (subject to change), whilst establishing a good reputation within the community.
- Achieve **affiliate status** (applicable to Twitch streamers): showing active streams on FDG.
- Display great focus on c**reating quality role play** scenarios: uphold great standards and set good examples.
- Uphold and adhering to our **guidelines**, as well as community/server rules.
::

### Content Creator/Streamer Guidelines - Terms and Conditions

- You agree to accept all responsibilities and/or consequences for any content that you create, publish or stream via the use of our platforms. As per most platform terms of use, you are solely responsible for your content and the consequences of posting or publishing.

- Fat Duck Gaming will not accept any responsibilities should you publish any content without having sufficient rights and/or authority to do so (or violation of other's IP rights).

- Fat Duck Gaming will not actively monitor content published by our endorsed content creators, however we do not condone or support any content that is unlawful, with intent of malicious acts such as: unlawful, infringing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory. This however does not include hostile roleplay that are deemed acceptable within our rules. 

- Fat Duck Gaming has zero tolerance for any intention to achieve content through the means of actively ruining other people's experience with trolling/griefing, and/or interfering with or damaging the operation of FDG services.

- All Content Creators are to be mindful of their actions and speech, which may directly or indirectly affect the reputation of Fat Duck Gaming. As trusted faces of the community, we expect a level of maturity in all circumstances.

- Strictly no adult content, such as erotic roleplay or overly excessive violence, is to be streamed or published onto public domains.

- Content Creators will face possible removal of roles and perks upon receiving multiple adverse administrative actions, unless severity of one action warrants a removal. Depending on the severity of the situation, you may be permanently removed or be given the opportunity to re-earn your roles.

- Content Creators are responsible for their viewers and any information and/or knowledge being passed on through the means of their chat. Any knowledge of breaches are to be reported accordingly. Failure to report or act on these basis, resulting in damage to FDG as a community or endorsement of harassment to a fellow FDG member, will render the removal of roles along with any perks granted from role.