---
title: "Organisation Rules"
description: "Rules governing in-character organisations"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---

# Organisation Rules (O-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers

---

**O1** - Gangs intending on carrying out illegal activities must have a name, uniform and register on the forums.

**O2** - Gangs start with 6 members, however may be awarded up to 24 slots by the CL team if gangs have proven themselves worthy. No more than 16 members (including downed members) may be involved in any single hostile gang RP scenario.

**O3** - Alliances between gangs can exist for the purpose of peace treaties and trading, however gang alliance is not permitted for hostile RP.

**O4** - Gangs must be wearing their uniforms when interacting with other gangs, or when in a war with other gangs.

**O5** - Gangs must keep their illegal and vendor items (including those in vehicles) at their gang and personal properties.

**O6** - Gang members can be soft wiped (losing IC memory of their time within the gang) by their own gang when they leave the gang. You are also more susceptible to harsher punishments through criminal convictions.

**O7** - Gang leaders must agree on the ground rules of a war before it begins. This includes the format, win conditions etc. The staff team must be advised of the full details of any upcoming gang wars.

**O8** - KOS must be called by gang leaders of either gang and there must be sufficient reasoning before KOS is declared. All KOS only last between server restarts.

**O9** - Gang members in fit may rob other gang members given they adhere to the requirements set by gang staff in the gang guidelines.
