---
title: "Business Rules"
description: "Rules governing in-character business"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---

# Business Rules (B-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers

---

Businesses are divided into the following categories; 
- **Incorporated** - Established businesses, officially incorporated in the server with fully functioning abilities and roles.
- **Registered** - Registered businesses with an approved business license. Will allow you to run your own business, offering your services to as many companies or individuals as you want.

---

**B1** - All prospective business applicants must follow the registration/application process to either register for a business license or for an available C-Suite tenure opportunity.

**B2** - Business licenses are obtainable through an application process with the Department of Commerce. Without a business license, your operation will be deemed illegitimate.

**B3** - Business licenses will be assigned upon the approval, and will only allow you to operate your intended business within your means of roleplay. No development work from our team will be provided unless the business proves to be a worthy investment.

**B4** - All businesses are overseen by the Department of Commerce under the laws of San Andreas. 

**B5** - Businesses are required to maintain some separation between ‘gang’ and ‘business’ activities. No gang activities are permitted at legitimate player-run business locations. However, exemptions can be made at the discretion of the Department of Commerce upon review. Any gang related activities must be carried out in accordance with all Illegal Organisation Rules.

**B6** - Players are not permitted to exploit their businesses and/or abuse any abilities through the job menu in accordance with our community/server rules. Anything granted for businesses, i.e job equipment, access to uniforms, are purely for business purposes only.