---
title: "Opt-in Rules"
description: "The opt-in rules governing behavior on FDG's FiveM roleplay server and FDG generally"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---
# Opt-in Rules

These rules will only **matter** to specific people but do **apply** to everyone nonetheless.

---

## Organisation Rules (O-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers.

**O1** - Gangs intending on carrying out illegal activities must have a name, uniform and register on the [support portal](https://support.fatduckgaming.com/).

**O2** - Gangs start with 6 members, however may be awarded up to 20 slots by Gang Staff if they have proven themselves worthy. No more than 16 members (including downed members) may be involved in any single hostile gang RP scenario.

**O3** - Alliances between gangs can exist for the purpose of peace treaties and trading, however gang alliance is not permitted for hostile RP.

**O4** - Gangs must be wearing their uniforms when interacting with other gangs, completing group tasks or when in a war with other gangs.

**O5** - Gangs must keep their illegal and vendor items (including those in vehicles) at their gang and personal properties.

**O6** - Gang members can be soft wiped (losing IC memory of their time within the gang) by their own gang when they leave the gang. You are also more susceptible to harsher punishments through criminal convictions.

**O7** - All sales transactions with civilians or other gangs must be completed as an immediate exchange (payment for item). Any scamming must be disclosed to the buyer during, or immediately after the transaction.

**O8** - KOS must be called by gang leaders of either gang and there must be sufficient reasoning before KOS is declared. All KOS only last between server restarts.

**O9** - Gang members in fit may rob other gang members given they adhere to the requirements set by gang staff in the gang guidelines.

**O10** - Gang members planning to inside must adhere to the requirements set by gang staff in the gang guidelines.

**O11** - Gang leaders must agree on the ground rules of a war before it begins. Gang Staff must be advised of the full details of any upcoming gang wars.

---

## Business Rules (B-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers.

Businesses are divided into the following categories; 
- **Incorporated** - Established businesses, officially incorporated in the server with fully functioning abilities and roles.
- **Registered** - Registered businesses with an approved business license. Will allow you to run your own business, offering your services to as many companies or individuals as you want.

**B1** - All prospective business applicants must follow the registration/application process to either register for a business license or for an available C-Suite tenure opportunity. DoC are responsible for all businesses. Without a business license, your operation will be deemed illegitimate.

**B2** - Businesses are required to maintain some separation between ‘gang’ and ‘business’ activities. No gang activities are permitted at legitimate player-run business locations. However, exemptions can be made at the discretion of the Department of Commerce upon review. Any gang related activities must be carried out in accordance with all Illegal Organisation Rules.

**B3** - Players are not permitted to exploit their businesses and/or abuse any abilities through the job menu in accordance with our community/server rules. Anything granted for businesses, i.e job equipment, access to uniforms, are purely for business purposes only.

---

## Government Rules (G-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers.

**G1** - Government employees may not distribute or sell job equipment, seized items (such as cash or narcotics) or information obtained in character (such as tablet calls, operations or COPS data)

**G2** - During bank and store robberies, the maximum number of police that can be involved is 12. Arsenal robberies can have a maximum number of 16 police involved.

**G3** - When using a BEARCAT, police cannot fire from the front seats (driver, passenger, or the middle seats).

**G4** - Government characters may not reapply body armour in the same situation.

**G5** - Voice changing software cannot be used on any Government characters.

**G6** - Police officers are prohibited from intentionally engaging in any form of corruption to benefit illegal organisations (gangs) during a raid. 

---

## Cayo Perico Rules (PVP-Rules)

Applicable on our FiveM Roleplay Servers whilst on the island of Cayo Perico only.

**P1** - Whilst on and within the vicinity of Cayo Perico Island, FiveM (F) rules F2, F3 & F12 are not applicable, However all other rules are in force. Players are free to engage in PVP warfare with no RDM (Random Death Match) rule in effect. This does not allow you to grief players (For example, taking planes and crashing them into people deliberately)

**P2** - Police roleplay, Police and EMS characters are prohibited from being within the vicinity of the Cayo Perico island, excluding special events. 

**P3** - Criminals are not permitted to use Cayo Perico to escape a police pursuit.

**P4** - Players are free to return to Cayo after death with no NLR, However any hostilities from Cayo Perico must not continue on the main land.
