---
title: "Graphic Modifications"
description: "The guidelines and information for stuff related to Graphics Modifications"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---

# **Graphic Modifications Guidline**

Whilst we understand some players have computer issues, we will no longer tolerate the use of graphics mods (or even intentionally low settings) which give a significant advantage over others. This includes daylight mod, playing with no shadows, external crosshairs, stretched resolution or intentionally distorted color profiles. We will take a 0 tolerance approach to this, if you would like to clarify if your settings are valid, open a ticket on the support portal.

> **Graphical modifications for the purpose of gaining an advantage over other players will be actioned under Community rule C2.**


## **To clarify some of the acceptable graphics enhancements**

**Currently Banned**

::list{type="info"}
- NVE Vegetation (or anything which makes bushes less visible / smaller)
- Using Reshade / Redux, or any program which intentionally colours your game drastically
- Turning off shadows (low minimum)
- Stretched aspect ratios, 4:3 stretched for example.
- NoNight
- Confetti Headshot Mod
- Anything that gives you an unfair advantage in combat, just because its not listed here doesn't mean aimbot, crosshairs, etc. aren't banned still.
::

**Allowed** 

::list{type="success"}

- NVE / QuantV, ENBSeries and any graphics mods designed to enhance the experience.
- Using Reshade / Redux to make your colours pop slightly or add a small amount of  saturation.
- Native aspect ratios: 16:10, 16:9, 4:3 unstretched (with black bards)
- GTA Road Packs (European Roads, NVE roads, etc.)
- Custom Soundpacks
::

::alert{type="warning"}
This list is not **exhaustive** - the *final call* on what is acceptable lies with **staff**.
::
