---
title: "Verified Menu Guidelines"
description: "The guidelines and information for our Verified Menu"
aside: true
bottom: true
toc: true
---

# Verified Menu Guidelines
Applicable on our FiveM roleplay servers.

Our Verified Menu is designed to celebrate and support community members who contribute exceptional roleplay to the server. 

With exclusive perks and opportunities, it allows players to further enhance their storytelling and deepen their engagement within the Fat Duck Gaming community. 

This initiative recognizes and rewards those who set the standard for immersive and creative roleplay.

## Verified Menu Perks

::list{type="success"}
- **Custom PEDS:** Unlock a vast array of unique character models to enhance your roleplay experience.
- **Custom Props:** Gain the ability to place unique props to enhance and personalize your roleplay scenes.
- **Text Markers:** Create custom on-screen text to enhance communication and storytelling in your roleplay.
::

## Eligibility

To be eligible, all community members are required to meet the following in order to submit an application for the verified menu.

::list{type="info"}
- Be an **active member** of our community: demonstrating consistent participation and engagement.
- Show a **strong effort** in your application: providing detailed and thoughtful responses that reflect your commitment to enhancing the community.
- Display great focus on **creating quality role play** scenarios: uphold great standards and set good examples.
- Maintain a relatively clean recent history: displaying good behavior and adherence to community and server rules.
::

## Accessing the Verified Menu
